
Suggestion: 
Major Revision
Review Comment: 
The paper aims to systematically analyze and compare five general knowledge graphs, and to help find the most suitable KG for a given setting. As the KGs became more and more popular, such a survey is necessary and will help those beginners to grasp the skeleton quickly. The readability is good. As one survey article, the authors did lots of comparison on their defined criteria (aspects).
However, these criteria seem to be superficial and not in-depth. Most of the criteria are descriptive but not essential, such as “Homepage”, “License”, “Data Formats”, “RDF export”, “LOD registration” and so on. I wonder whether the beginners could find the most suitable KG for their application after reading the paper. Some detailed comments are as follows:
1. One of the most important criteria should be the knowledge quality. How to assess the knowledge quality among those KGs? Two possible metrics are Correctness and Coverage. It is better to construct a golden standard dataset to evaluate the knowledge quality. Such a dataset could contain the top-K queried entities generated from the search engine query log. Using the dataset, a formal evaluation on correctness and coverage will help to differentiate the KGs essentially. The evaluation on the frequent facts and the facts in the long tail are both of great value.
2. The criteria defined by the authors are not in-depth. For example, most of the entities of DBpedia and YAGO are from Wikipedia. But how to choose the most suitable KG for a given application? The essential differences between DBpedia and YAGO are the schema and properties (relations). YAGO also contains the classes defined in WordNet, but just have about 100 well-defined properties. On the other hand, DBpedia contains almost all of the properties generated from Wikipedia Infoboxes. DBpedia tends to be the better choice for a property-oriented application but YAGO for the schema-oriented one. It is not revealed in the authors’ submission. The detailed statistics on classes, relations, instances are necessary.
3. In Section 2, the authors use nearly 2 pages to introduce the definitions of semantic data model and graph model. However, these two definitions seem to contribute little to compare the KGs. Especially, the “Genesis of Semantic Data Models” is redundant. I think a formal definition of Knowledge Graph is a better choice for this section.
