
Suggestion: 
Accept
Review Comment: 
This article describes the DogOnt, an ontology for modelling of settings required for estimation of energy profiles (and probably operation and management of devices) at different levels of neighbourhood (city, district, building) while taking into account information collected from different stakeholders (citizens, utilities, policy makers and energy providers).
In general, this sort of papers must be welcome in the community that is still lacking interdisciplinary approached for the tasks mentioned above. The article gives a nice survey of ontologies and initiatives in the related context. It also describes nicely 1) the DogOnt’s key concepts: Building Thing, Functionality and State, 2) the modelling process – however, I think a cross-level modelling example is lacking at this place - and 3) on the rather technical level the possible interconnections between DogOnt and other ”modelling approaches” while illustrating those descriptions with rather sounding examples. Well, may be the only example that does not seem to fit is the one in the chapter 4.2 “Building to city and district mappings”, namely this example is hardly related to the title of the chapter.
However, the paper has two significant weaknesses: 1. In the very last paragraph of the conclusion, authors mention the “computation issues” related to the expressivity of the models. BUT, I did not find in the article a place where the modelling tasks (how the resulted models are applied) are clearly defined or at least listed. Those tasks defined on the application (knowledge domain) level determine the formal inference tasks to be solved, e.g. data querying or consistency checking, and in turn, the choice of the formal modelling instruments, i.e. the DL dialect, which would allow acceptable computability. Therefore, the selection of ALCHIQ(D) does not appear to me well motivated.
The second weakness is the complete lack of any sort of quality evaluation. I am not convinced, that DogOnt is so widely established and used ontology that the debates about its quality are superfluous.
If the time to address my comments can be given to authors before publication of the article, I’d appreciate it. In other case I still would not reject the article in its current state.
